README.md, before:

# DevTinder

- Create a Vite + React application
- Remove unecessary code and create a Hello World app
- Install Tailwind CSS
- Install Daisy UI
- Add NavBar component to App.jsx
- Create a NavBar.jsx separate Component file
- Install react router dom
- Create BrowserRouter > Routes > Route=/ Body > RouteChildren
- Create an Outlet in your Body Component
- Create a footer
- Create a Login Page
- Install axios
- CORS - install cors in backend => add middleware to with configurations: orgin, credentials: true
- Whenever you're making API call so pass axios => { withCredentials: true }
- install react-redux + @reduxjs/toolkit - https://redux-toolkit.js.org/tutorials/quick-start
- configureStore => Provider => createSlice => add reducer to store
- Add redux devtools in chrome
- Login and see if your data is coming properly in the store
- NavBar should update as soon as user logs in
- Refactor our code to add constants file + create a components folder
- You should not be access other routes without login
- If token is not present, redirect user to login page


Body 
    NavBar
    Route=/  => Feed
    Route=/login  => Login
    Route=/connetions => Connections
    Router=/profile => Profile

Commit message:

user card on feed, edit profile feat, connection page

README.md, after:

# DevTinder

- Create a Vite + React application
- Remove unecessary code and create a Hello World app
- Install Tailwind CSS
- Install Daisy UI
- Add NavBar component to App.jsx
- Create a NavBar.jsx separate Component file
- Install react router dom
- Create BrowserRouter > Routes > Route=/ Body > RouteChildren
- Create an Outlet in your Body Component
- Create a footer
- Create a Login Page
- Install axios
- CORS - install cors in backend => add middleware to with configurations: orgin, credentials: true
- Whenever you're making API call so pass axios => { withCredentials: true }
- install react-redux + @reduxjs/toolkit - https://redux-toolkit.js.org/tutorials/quick-start
- configureStore => Provider => createSlice => add reducer to store
- Add redux devtools in chrome
- Login and see if your data is coming properly in the store
- NavBar should update as soon as user logs in
- Refactor our code to add constants file + create a components folder
- You should not be access other routes without login
- If token is not present, redirect user to login page
- Logout Feature
- Get the feed and add the feed in th store
- build the user card on feed
- Edit Profile Feature
- Show Toast Message on save of profile
- New Page - See all my connections


Body 
    NavBar
    Route=/  => Feed
    Route=/login  => Login
    Route=/connetions => Connections
    Router=/profile => Profile
